README.md

Title: A server side solution to analyzing Instagram posts of #CapitalOne
By: Kuriakose Sony Theakanath

==================
Basic Information
==================
This README file will explain all the methods used to do this project. I could've take the easy way out by just displaying all of the required results in a terminal output, but I decided to go above and beyond. Please read this entire document.

========================
Launching Script and App
========================
Type this in the CapitalOneChallenge folder!
python auth.py

In terminal you should get a localhost url, which will usually be: http://localhost:8515/

Put that into Google Chrome (only browser tested), and follow the instructions on screen! You should get a pretty graph of the instagram posts, and two tables detailing the required deliverables by Capital One!

=======================
To Get This App Working
=======================
RECOMMENDED OS TO GET THIS WORKING:
Mac OS X El Capitan 

You will need:
Python 2.7
bottle
beaker

To install all dependencies (except Python), run these commands in Terminal:
1. sudo easy_install -U bottle 
OR
1. sudo pip install bottle

===================================
Explanation of Classes in Directory
===================================

auth.py - contains main code to pull code from Instagram servers, and display them in a pretty format using Bottle. Also contains the algorithm used to calculate the sentiment of every Instagram post. Coolest part about this file is that the html files are autogenerated depending on the code we get from Instagram!

index.html - contains a single button to authorize instagram

instagram/bind.py - instantiates an instance with the Instagram API

instagram/client.py - takes the Client object returned by bind.py when user has instantiated a new instance of the Instagram API

instagram/models.py - contains class objects of every different type of object returned by the Instagram API (such as a Media, User, etc object). Makes sorting the data easier. 

instagram/oauth2.py - oauth2 API used by all py files

sentiments.csv - contains word sentiments given by UC Berkeley library to identify words. 

Note: all files in static/, fixtures/, and session/ folder are either HTML dependencies or auto-generated files, you can ignore this folder!
